[DOCS][ESQL] Cleanup and cross-reference LOOKUP JOIN reference and landing pages (#127215)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-languages/esql/esql-lookup-join.md

Reviewer: Much nicer example, thank you!

* You want to restrict users to use only specific lookup indices
* You do not need to match using ranges or spatial relations

## How the command works [esql-how-lookup-join-works]

The `LOOKUP JOIN` command adds fields from the lookup index as new columns to your results table based on matching values in the join field.

The command requires two parameters:
- The name of the lookup index (which must have the `lookup` [`index.mode setting`](/reference/elasticsearch/index-settings/index-modules.md#index-mode-setting))
- The name of the field to join on

```esql
LOOKUP JOIN <lookup_index> ON <field_name>
```

:::{image} ../images/esql-lookup-join.png
:alt: Illustration of the `LOOKUP JOIN` command, where the input table is joined with a lookup index to create an enriched output table.
:::

## Example

If you're familiar with SQL, `LOOKUP JOIN` has left-join behavior. This means that if no rows match in the lookup index, the incoming row is retained and `null`s are added. If many rows in the lookup index match, `LOOKUP JOIN` adds one row per match.

### Sample tables

> In this example, we have two sample tables, `employees` and `languages_non_unique_key`. The `employees` table contains employee information, including their language code. The `languages_non_unique_key` table contains language codes and their corresponding names and countries.

Reviewer: out of scope: `languages_non_unique_key` is a weird name for an index IMO; it makes sense in the context of the tests that this is taken from, but doesn't mean much to readers of this page, I think.

This extends to the example query below, which doesn't provide a meaningful example from real life. It'd be nicer to have an example that is intuitive for new users of this command.

The same applies to some of the examples in the reference entry (in `lookup-join.md`) that were taken directly from our test. The threat hunting examples are much better, in contrast.

Author: I agree, I think we should just make the example on the landing page be super simple. I can do that in this PR. Then we can think about how to improve the examples in the reference entry in a follow up and/or think about more end-to-end tutorials.

Reviewer: I didn't want to blow the scope of this PR, but if you'd like to add a better example right away, that's great! I'm happy either way :)

Author: I think we can work with what we have just make it a little clearer and user-friendly :)

Author: for folks following along: https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/127215/commits/9d23f244c7e200ff279ff5f2d245c9d5a53db50c

> In this example, we have two sample tables, `employees` and `languages_non_unique_key`. The `employees` table contains employee information, including their language code. The `languages_non_unique_key` table contains language codes and their corresponding names and countries.

Reviewer: Employees don't have a language code, we construct this using a modulus operation just to have some way to correlate the two tables. If we want to stick with this example, we can maybe reword like this:
```suggestion
In this example, we have two sample tables, `employees` and `languages_non_unique_key`.  The `languages_non_unique_key` table contains languages together with countries where the language is spoken and a code that uniquely identifies the language. The `employees` table contains employee information, including their employee numbers.
```

And below, under `Query`, we could write:
```
For the sake of the example, we construct some arbitrary code from employee numbers and use it to assign a language based on this code.
```

Author: Thanks @alex-spies, I'm thinking for the sake of this illustrative example we can just rename the table to `languages`?

Reviewer: Oh, right! I thought this example was included via `:::{include} ../examples/docs-lookup-join.csv-spec...` but it's actually hand-written.

I guess we can rename the table for now; I wouldn't polish this too much, though, given that we want to use a nicer example, anyway.

(And, ideally, that example should live in our tests and be included rather than being hand-written again. I'm happy to help place the example into our tests once we have it :) )

Author: blown away by https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/127215/commits/9d23f244c7e200ff279ff5f2d245c9d5a53db50c

> :::{dropdown} Show the sample tables

Reviewer: The dropdown is great and looks much cleaner!

::::{important}
`LOOKUP JOIN` does not guarantee the output to be in any particular order. If a certain order is required, users should use a [`SORT`](/reference/query-languages/esql/commands/processing-commands.md#esql-sort) somewhere after the `LOOKUP JOIN`.
::::

### Additional examples

> Refer to the examples section of the [`LOOKUP JOIN`](/reference/query-languages/esql/commands/processing-commands.md#esql-lookup-join) command reference for more examples.

Reviewer: ++
